---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Finished/Zohera Oneshot/"}
---

Ancient Robot Games - TSL game

### Session Notes

05/06/2025
DJam - Nature Witch - Willow
Kane - Infamous - Marguerite ‘Mal’ Mallow
Emma - Spooky Witch - Naufraga Reef
Page - Beast - The Wind Singer
Noah - Scoundrel - Zeal Forte

Nestled within the arid bounding hills of the Dandelion Range sits the town of Dandelion’s Shade (or just The Shade to locals), a bustling sharing post carved within the husk of a city from a long forgotten era. A city whose stories of abundance and decadence toe the line between history and fable.
Many an achenii (ah-keen-eye-ee), folks who live to travel and are reluctant to settle, spend anywhere between a night to a month looking for jobs, recuperating before continuing their current job, or taking time to rest and plan the next stage of their lives.
It is here that a group of achenii take up the chance to help a caravan of travellers heading to Echinacea. A caravan whose cargo is far more precious and stubborn than any previously transported…

Hanging out at the Dandelion Shade, Wind looking at the stalls around the green, Zeal performing small magic tricks for the kids there.
A humanoid husky (Tock) approaches, heterochromia, big sword, sharper talons on one hand, going straight for Mal. 
Zeal is immediately Smitten (+1 forward to impress him).
Nau uses Divination through a sand sculpture, can see longing, heartbreak, resolute loyalty, and determination in them.

He shows us to a group of caravans. Inside the first is Yare, a bee person, a tender (hollistic healer - cross pollination as increasing local diversity can strengthen the body and heal them).
They show us inside, where a woman (Mona) is lying on a bed in the center, flecks of stone sticking out of her veins at the wrists. Willow heals a Condition, waking her up.

The job is to escort Mona home.
The group may be followed by a sect who think Mona is going to unite the world - Sect of the Unanimous. It’s the same sect that corralled Mal as a figure of prophecy, led by Rayla Laos (?), Mal’s OG hypeman.

Other members of the caravan arrive.
Lei (?) - brings pots and foods and supplies.
? - teen boy, in kitchen
Axe - covered in oil and dirt, bringing the rest of the supplies.

We head out of the Dandelion Shade.
Naufraga has a spooky walk, floating, Mal making sure she stays on track. Willow helps heal Mona more. Zeal sits up front winking at Axe.

Reach a crossroads.
Mona wants to detour to the Fallen Field of Flowers - a romantic place in legend and history.
Naufraga knows a lil of the history.
Zeal gains a string on Tock, and immediately uses it to influence him to allow us to go on the detour.

Continue travel.
Zeal and Tock flirt, kicking ? and Willow out of the caravan as they do. 
Then a gunshot. Mal sees the wing mirror of the first carriage shatter, then a second shot goes wide.
5 people are lined up, in shorts, tank tops, swords, and muskets.
Naufraga settles back on the floor and casts Wildfire, knocking one over for Tock to maul.
Mal goes for another with her Hero Sword (rgb runes and everything), and gets called The False Prophet. 
Zeal blocks a bullet to the front carriage (with Mona in it), shattering her sword.
Wind turns into a humanoid unicorn, with a huge sword and shield, creating awe?
Naufraga spears someone with tree branches.
Willow throws a pan to block another bullet that was aimed at Naufraga.
Mal breaks their sword, trying to absolve her own guilt, and to spite the cultist in awe, who takes the pieces of the sword and runs away.
At some point, Tock killed another guy trying to hurt Mal, and the final guy also ran off.

Rest and meal
Naufraga gives Mal a coral sword (hers, that she doesn’t use) to replace the broken one. No reaction. Naufraga is still Angry.
Wind and Willow talk about magic, natural order vs fae.
Willow and Naufraga talk about magic, natural vs planar. Willow gives Nau the ability to hear the plants and animals. Naufraga casts a flower out onto the waves of magic, where it … disappears?
Zeal attempts to talk to Mal, learns they’re a cat that needs to be not approached.
Mal apologises to Naufraga (if it can be called that lmao). Lei comes by, gives them some raspberry sorbet, calls them both chestnuts (hard layers with a gooey inside). Naufraga worries the food is now poisoned, but nah, its tasty.

A couple of days of travel. We crest a hill, and see an endless field of flowers, all in bloom.
Some party members know that it was the site of the first great battle of the Fallen. Mora explains more.
As she reaches out, a tentacle of rocks lashes out, attaching to her wrist.
Zeal attempts to slice it, but her sword gets stuck, the rock climbing up her own hand and wrist.
Mal pulls her out, Zeal now with tear tracks due to fear.
Axe pulls out a pickaxe to get Mora out.
Willow asks the plants what’s happening - they show the sensation of pain, then whispers, then a singularity.
Naufraga causes a haunting, the field shifting and collapsing, but frees Mona. 
Tock grabs her and starts running. More tendrils erupt, chasing him, gaining.
Willow tries to heal the tendrils, realises that they have a longing to become whole.
They start slowing down, and we start getting further, the earth roiling.
Wind Singer stands in the way, between the tendrils and Mona, and the tentacles stop, before going back into the earth.
The field of flowers collapses into nothingness, leaving a shimmering void in the world. In the middle, a single flower?


> [!info]- Meta
> DM:: Phoebe
> Character:: Zeal Forte
> Players:: DJam, Kane, Emma, Page
> [Wiki]
